[Docs] De-flake doctests (#37162)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/working-with-pytorch.rst

Saving Datasets containing torch tensors
----------------------------------------

> Datasets containing torch tensors can be saved to files, like parquet or numpy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can save Datasets containing torch Tensors to files, like parquet or NumPy.
```
